---
title: Principal's Message
permalink: /others/principals-message
description: ""
---
<p><strong>Message from the Principal</strong></p>
<p>Dear Parents and Visitors to the website,</p>
<p>Sengkang Green Primary School was established in 2013 as a brand new school in the new town of Sengkang. Today, it has become a primary school well-regarded by the parents and the community. The MOE Kindergarten @ Sengkang Green is a part of Sengkang Green Primary School.</p>
<p>In Singapore, our education model adopts a&nbsp;<strong>Learn for Life</strong>&nbsp;paradigm that develops the child holistically to become a wholesome individual and a good citizen, and who is capable of&nbsp;<strong>lifelong learning</strong>. In 2019, the school has chosen the theme&nbsp;<strong>&ldquo;Learning &ndash; A Lifelong Passion&rdquo;</strong>&nbsp;to reflect the importance of each individual taking on learning as a lifelong endeavour, fuelled by the motivation to become better each day. This school theme augments Sengkang Green&rsquo;s mission to develop each child to have strength of character, ready to serve and ready for the future.</p>
<p>The school and parents need to take a long term view of each child&rsquo;s education. In an every-changing world that also become increasingly complex and unpredictable, the child needs to develop from young the attributes such as curiosity, motivation to explore, confidence to experiment and tenacity to recover and learn from mistakes. These are some of the key traits that will enable the students to learn actively throughout life.</p>
<p>Sengkang Green has set out the strategic focus of nurturing the whole child in our students to be ready for the future with the following goals:</p>
<p>1. To instil sound values in students and develop in them strong character and citizenship;<br />2. To achieve academic excellence;<br />3. To cultivate students&rsquo; interest and passion and develop their talents through PAM Physical Education, Art and Music), CCAs (Co- curricular Activities),LLP (Learning for Life Programme), and other enrichment programmes;<br />4. To develop a holistic system of care to provide integrated support to students to help them make progress in learning;<br />5. To ensure that the total curriculum nurtures 21 century competencies.</p>
<p>Parents are important partners of the school in our endeavour to develop our students holistically to become effective lifelong learners. The school hopes to work closely with parents to enable the students to achieve the learning goals.</p>
<p>Mr Gau Poh Teck<br />Principal<br />Sengkang Green Primary School</p>